README.md, before:

# Vectors, Trig and Geometry

## I Love MATH!!!

* * *

- Everything in this project is *WIP* and for *prototyping* purposes
- Some code isn't optimized
- Some scripts are _scratch_ scripts for collecting my notes on various subjects
- All other assets are/is original content, i'm not very good at spriting but am trying to improve
- Originally, this project was just to practice math related functionality
- Feel free to copy my code or use my assets, attribution would be nice but...no one's gonna' hold you to it

* * *

###### all code and assets/content in this repo falls under the mit license:

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2016] [misha n. sawangwan]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

added a disclaimer in the readme about this project being 2D only

README.md, after:

# Vectors, Trig and Geometry

## I Love MATH (2D)!!!

* * *

- Note: _all_ the scripts in this project deal with, and assume, a 2D world -- meaning any given function will need to
  be tweaked to work in the third-dimension, yo!
- Everything in this project is *WIP* and for *prototyping* purposes
- Some code isn't optimized
- Some scripts are _scratch_ scripts for collecting my notes on various subjects
- All other assets are/is original content, i'm not very good at spriting but am trying to improve
- Originally, this project was just to practice math related functionality
- Feel free to copy my code or use my assets, attribution would be nice but...no one's gonna' hold you to it

* * *

###### all code and assets/content in this repo falls under the mit license:

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2016] [misha n. sawangwan]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
